Studio Pro 10.21 RNs (#9212)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/releasenotes/studio-pro/10/10.21.md

- We added a new **Select active document** button in the modernized App Explorer. When you click it, the current active document is selected and opened. {TW}
- We added an option to choose the algorithm used for SSL certificates. This option is available in the runtime settings of the app in Studio Pro. You can choose between PKIX (recommended) and SunX509 (default, for backwards compatibility). For more information, see the [SSL Certificate Algorithm](/refguide/app-settings/#database-fkc) section in *App Settings*.
- Consumed REST Services now support importing requests from OpenAPI contracts. This feature is in Beta. When you create a new Consumed REST Service, you can choose to start from a file or URL and select which requests you want to import from the contract. Request fields are then automatically populated where possible. We support OpenAPI 2.0, while we are still working on OpenAPI version 3.0. Basic authentication is the only authentication method that is automatically added. HEAD and OPTIONS http methods are not supported yet, and we do not automatically import parameters in base URLs or import more than one base URL. 

> - Big performance improvement for apps with a lot of data! We added support for setting the association storage for non-many-to-many associations. This allows our platform to store associations in the same table as the parent entity instead of a separate table. Currently we released this as an opt-in for associations, since this can entail a big data migration (depending on your app's data). To use this feature, double click an association in the domain model editor and enable the **Association Storage** setting from **Association table** to **Direct association**. For more information, see [Association Storage Options](/refguide/association-storage/). {TW}

Reviewer: I suggest something more like this. I'll ask the developers to review it.
```suggestion
- Opportunity for big performance improvements for apps with a lot of data. We added support for setting an alternative way of storing associations for one-to-many and one-to-one associations. This stores associations in the same table as the parent entity instead of a separate table. This is released as an opt-in for associations, as the subsequent data migration can take a long time (depending on your app's data). To use this feature, enable the **Association Storage** setting on an association from **Association table** to **Direct association**. For more information, see [Association Storage Options](/refguide/association-storage/). {TW}
```

Reviewer 2: For your consideration:
* Does the word "setting" in "support for setting an" add anything?
* "enable ... from ... to" looks strange to me. "change ... from ... to" instead?

Reviewer: Thanks for the suggestions, Bas. I'll change it to this and commit.
```suggestion
- Opportunity for big performance improvements for apps with a lot of data. We added support for an alternative way of storing associations for one-to-many and one-to-one associations. This stores associations in the same table as the parent entity instead of a separate table. This is released as an opt-in for associations, as the subsequent data migration can take a long time (depending on your app's data). To use this feature, change the **Association Storage** setting on an association from **Association table** to **Direct association**. For more information, see [Association Storage Options](/refguide/association-storage/). {TW}
```
